Thank You Twitter followers for telling
me that I should interview Travis and
now I'm doing it living out my largest
dream in life I'm Kelsey here with
Travis gaffer with coverage presented by
Omni slash when's the last time you
weren't behind the mic Travis I think at
the start of the split I got any of you
by Zarine from eSports something I
forget the name of her company is she's
gonna yell at me about this she'll never
see it
either way it's yes she interviewed me
at the start I think that was the last
time what was it about LCS and the fact
that I was here I guess or just how
things are going for me because it was
at the start of the split and so I just
started doing interviews again and just
my general thought about all that stuff
yeah so I'll take a note from her book
how it is LCS going in your eyes okay
you're just gonna steal her questions
LCS is going okay week 8 has been kind
of whatever I mean it's weird in that I
think more than any other split playoffs
has already been kind of decided and and
so we kind of have an idea like almost
everyone's locked in it makes week nine
far less interesting but there's a
couple be a couple teams that are doing
stuff out and we also see the rise of
the like endemics or whatever by the way
I know enough about cameras to know
that's a whole area just turned super
bright white which is really funny
because the Sun came out but yeah I
think that it's a little less exciting
than at the end of most blitz that we've
seen but it's still kind of cool to see
CL GTL TSM and cloud 9 is losing a
little bit but you know there's still a
fair like the old guys start to like
take their stake back in the ground from
echo fox and a couple other teams that
were showing up a lot so a lot of you
might or a lot of you don't know this
but I interviewed Travis way back before
the split started for a personal project
and I asked him who does he think is
going to be you know the standout for
this split and he said Team Liquid
surprisingly hi Reggie you want you want
to say hi this is Reggie right behind hi
Reggie actually hey what's up I love you
thank you yeah bye Andy anyways so he
said that he's really excited to see
Team Liquid this way I think that was a
commonality you have a lot of people how
do you feel now that it's week eight and
yes you were excited you can move the
microphone Oh
so whenever - when you interviewed me I
said I was excited to see how team like
what did because they were building a
super team I think that narrative is
like far less interesting to me now
because like the echo fox thing ended up
being much more of the super team than
Team Liquid and Team Liquid just
continues to be kind of like how theme
liquid historically has been which is
like are they gonna be something
interesting really not it really is
gonna come down to playoffs to see if
they actually end up pulling something
off so we were talking about this a
little bit in the press box earlier now
that it's kind of coming to a close the
spring split who are what's your opinion
on MVP MVP oh who should be MVP this is
really hard so I had it basically was
like who need our doc smoothie and then
Echoplex started losing a lot and I
think dar doc hasn't looked as good
recently no offense star doc if he sees
this he hopefully doesn't cuss me out
but I so now I actually don't know maybe
smoothie but cloud 9 also has been
dropping some games so I know a lot of
people have been talking about febiven I
don't know it's actually really
difficult now because like everything's
getting topsy-turvy at the end here so
we'll find out I guess after next week
but I do actually think it's gonna be
much harder decision than I previously
expected so unrelated and I always
actually wondered this but do you
actually play League yeah actually so
lately I've been playing mostly areum's
because it's just more fun I play with a
lot of friends that are various skill
levels and various desire to win and
thus AOM is like better for us to play
together I'll say I'm playing too many
video games lately because I've been
traveling I just got back from Vancouver
I'm wearing South by Southwest this week
and I've been working on a bunch
different content but I do play league
my main Blitzcrank godhand aford that
was a nice sponsor plug I don't know if
that was intentional enough South by
Southwest just throwing that in there by
the way it's going
I'm not they're not sponsoring this I'm
going to that event because I'm like I'm
doing a panel thing there you just you
asked you a question I'm answering it
yes that's what an interview is Travis
surprising um well I wasn't gonna ask oh
yeah so you just said that you went to
Vancouver and so you got away from
everything for a little bit how do you
manage the stress of being the forefront
in interviewing at the LCS or in on
on-camera interviewing well I think
there's not too much stress in doing
this part of my job because I have done
this for a long time now it's more you
know I don't have to talk about this too
much but there there's parts of my life
that are more stressful right now are
the fact that I'm like basically
building a business and like trying to
figure out how to make that work and
like finding the right people to work
with and how do I make sure that those
people get paid and all that stuff so
there's a lot of stress that kind of
goes along with all that stuff a lot of
other people have far more stress so I
try not to talk about mine but you know
all that and then it's always like
family stuff and friend stuff and all
stuff so it does kind of get up to you
so it was kind of nice to go visit some
friends in Vancouver this past week but
uh yeah like the interview stuff like
this is okay sometimes I get an argument
with the team owner because they don't
like an interview that I did or they
whatever that's annoying but so I'm
keeping them out because I have to
interview bricks in a second but for the
most part this part is not stressful it
is stressful whenever it rains all day
on a Saturday I have to do all my
interviews inside though that sucks I
like doing them outside seems like
you're not really prioritizing this
interview this special time that we have
together I'm very hurt right now maybe
I'll just end it now so I assume you're
going to Florida for finals are you
excited to go to Florida have you've
ever been there I've been to Tallahassee
twice both times I was disappointed that
I went to Tallahassee but Miami I'm
pretty excited about I think it's gonna
be really cool and I we're trying I'm
trying to do some special stuff there
for fans and for my youtube channel so
we will see what ends up happening but
yeah really trying to do some like like
how do I you know in the past I go to
these Finals events I did something with
doublelift last year for Vancouver but
for the most part it's like just the
same old same old interviews and
I I'm trying to figure out how do you
make like especially like a more
elaborate cooler thing out of all that
so that's what so I'm gonna try and do
yeah it was hearing from some rumors
swirling around that you might do
interviews on a yacht in Miami no no no
interviews on a yacht not this time one
of the team owners suggested using
getting a yacht as an air B&B you guys
can walk back if you need okay
you getting doing some interviews on the
air sorry air bein being a yacht with a
bunch of people but I'm probably gonna
go for a hotel because actually at the
end of the day you need like consistent
internet and stuff sure I don't think
you get good internet in the middle
ocean especially in Florida I think the
yacht would probably be anchored I don't
think it would be in the middle of the
ocean like I think it like those urban I
don't think you take the yacht out as an
Airbnb it's more like you just go on the
dock and then you leave on they got well
it's docked to be clear that's very
intellectual I'm so glad I know that now
but hum what do you think the meta what
do I think of the meta I think it's
really interesting to see the cannon
minion meta that it's happening like so
I was watching in the audience the other
day and I'm sure a lot of people have
heard this on the stream but it's
actually really fun whenever there's a
bearing up cannon minion that is going
to town on a inhibitor or tower and
everybody literally starts like counting
down the hits because each one of them
feels so significant it's kind of this
cool way that adds and brings a lot of
tension to the the game and I think in a
way that we haven't seen in a while and
gives people something to cheer for that
isn't kills and isn't bored kills so I
don't know I actually really liked that
aspect of it right now do you think that
did you expect that was gonna go
differently yes I expected him to laugh
and then be like we're cutting this
we're cutting this yeah okay hmm
so I just realized and I know if
everybody knows this but Peter aka
double lives and Travis living the same
apartment complex I think that's kind of
interesting because
I don't know there's all these rumors
swirling about you two being an item and
then you know but you have anything to
comment on that no comment well you
heard I hear first they're dating
officially now do you have anything to
tell the fans out there you just are you
as this about me and Peter are we
wrapping the interview this interview is
gone very interesting and I don't know
where actually is going but so I'm just
gonna end it
do you have any things to tell your fans
either about you or you and Peter are
you by yourself is there any way they
can support you like a website yeah
thank you for to Omni slash for
sponsoring all the LCS coverage really
appreciate that and thanks to everybody
who supports on patreon on Twitch all
this stuff I have a support page which
is Travis cafe.com slash support and I
really appreciate all the nice messages
that I've been getting I can't reply to
all of them but I do actually read a lot
of them I don't appreciate the mean
messages that I get but I also read all
those too so yeah thank you so much well
awesome well thank you for the interview
that was a wild ride to say the least
for everyone else if you want to catch
all things eSports check out the channel
some of you may not know this but I'm
actually graduating in June and right
now I don't have a job because Travis
can barely hold himself together so if
anyone's looking for a paleo biology
major that is kind of good at
interviewing LCS players make sure to
hit me up but anyways thank you Omni
slash and remember to subscribe and like
the video